README.md, before:

## Prerequisites
- Go 1.15+

## How to run
```bash
go run bitmap.go
```
or
```bash
go build -o bin/bitmap && bin/bitmap
```

## How to run the tests
```bash
go test ./...
```

## Task
There is given a rectangular bitmap of size n*m. Each pixel of the bitmap is either white or
black, but at least one is white. The pixel in i-th line and j-th column is called the pixel (i,j). The
distance between two pixels p1=(i1,j1) and p2=(i2,j2) is defined as d(p1,p2)=|i1-i2|+|j1-j2|.  

Write a program which:
- reads the description of the bitmap from the standard input;
- for each pixel, computes the distance to the nearest white;
- writes the results to the standard output.

## Input
The number of test cases t (1≤t≤1000) is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line. In the first line of each test case there is a pair of integer numbers n, m separated by a single space, 1<=n <=182, 1<=m<=182. In each of the following n lines of the test case exactly one zero-one word of length m, the description of one line of the bitmap, is written. On the j-th position in the line (i+1), 1 <= i <= n, 1 <= j <= m, is '1' if, and only if the pixel (i,j) is white.

## Output
In the i-th line for each test case, 1<=i<=n, there should be written m integers f(i,1),...,f(i,m) separated by single spaces, where f(i,j) is the distance from the pixel (i,j) to the nearest white pixel.

## Example
*Input:*  
1  
3 4  
0001  
0011  
0110

*Output:*  
3 2 1 0  
2 1 0 0  
1 0 0 1

Commit message:

feat: add go playground link

README.md, after:

## Prerequisites
- Go 1.15+

## Go Playground sample
*Note: user input is disabled for the sandbox, test case is hardcoded into the main function.*  
https://play.golang.org/p/VZfejZN8D2p

## How to run
```bash
go run bitmap.go
```
or
```bash
go build -o bin/bitmap && bin/bitmap
```

## How to run the tests
```bash
go test ./...
```

## Task
There is given a rectangular bitmap of size n*m. Each pixel of the bitmap is either white or
black, but at least one is white. The pixel in i-th line and j-th column is called the pixel (i,j). The
distance between two pixels p1=(i1,j1) and p2=(i2,j2) is defined as d(p1,p2)=|i1-i2|+|j1-j2|.  

Write a program which:
- reads the description of the bitmap from the standard input;
- for each pixel, computes the distance to the nearest white;
- writes the results to the standard output.

## Input
The number of test cases t (1≤t≤1000) is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line. In the first line of each test case there is a pair of integer numbers n, m separated by a single space, 1<=n <=182, 1<=m<=182. In each of the following n lines of the test case exactly one zero-one word of length m, the description of one line of the bitmap, is written. On the j-th position in the line (i+1), 1 <= i <= n, 1 <= j <= m, is '1' if, and only if the pixel (i,j) is white.

## Output
In the i-th line for each test case, 1<=i<=n, there should be written m integers f(i,1),...,f(i,m) separated by single spaces, where f(i,j) is the distance from the pixel (i,j) to the nearest white pixel.

## Example
*Input:*  
1  
3 4  
0001  
0011  
0110

*Output:*  
3 2 1 0  
2 1 0 0  
1 0 0 1
